this K&N air intake system is designed
to increase vehicle power and
acceleration by reducing restriction in
the intake path
the intake kit fits the vehicle shown as
well as additional vehicles identified
on the K&N website or catalog the K&N
air intake system is guaranteed to
produce a measurable increase in vehicle
horsepower
K&N has extensive testing facilities
that include several chassis
dynamometers used to precisely measure
engine and drive train horsepower and
torque the kit includes components that
have been designed or matched to the
needs of the vehicle to produce a safe
horsepower increase
detailed installation instructions are
included with this kit
the tools needed for this install are
shown
turn off the ignition and disconnect the
negative battery cable remove the four
screws which secure the front core
support cover pull up the rear of the
cover then push towards the rear to
unhook from the grill and remove the
cover from the vehicle remove the two
screws which secure the fresh air scoop
to the core support and snap the fresh
air scoop from the air box and then
remove the scoop from the vehicle
disconnect the mass air sensor
electrical connection
loosen the two hose clamps which secure
the stock intake tube to the turbo inlet
and factory air box then remove the
intake tube from the vehicle pull up the
air box and remove it from the vehicle
install the heat shield mounting bracket
onto the heat shield
next fasten the inserted nut onto the
heat shield using the provided hardware
remove the two screws securing the mass
air sensor to the air box and remove the
mass air sensor attach the mass air
sensor into the heat shield and secure
it with the provided hardware
cut the edge trim into four separate
lengths 19 inches 17 inches 8 inches and
7 inches long install the 7 inch section
of trim onto the heat shield as shown
then the 8 these 17 inches
and finally the 19-inch section of edge
trim onto the fresh air scoop is shown
next remove the headlamp mounting bolt
install the silicone hose onto the mass
air sensor and secure loosely with the
provided hose clamp set the heat shield
assembly into position on the inner
fender while installing the silicone
hose onto the turbo inlet and secure it
with the provided hardware as well as
the silicone hose with the provided hose
clamps
slip the provided silicone hose onto the
mass air sensor and secure it with the
provided hose clamp
install the K&N air filter into the
silicone hose and secure it with the
provided hose clamp
reconnect the mass air sensor electrical
connection using the provided hardware
secure the fresh air scoop to the heat
shield now separate the fresh air
bellows from the fresh air scoop
reinstall the factory fresh air scoop
onto the core support using the factory
hardware fasten the core support cover
using the factory hardware and lastly
reconnect the negative battery cable
it will be necessary for all K&N High
Flow Intake systems to be checked
periodically for realignment clearance
and tightening of all connections
failure to follow these instructions or
proper maintenance may void warranty
this intake kit is not legal for highway
use in California or other states
adopting California emission standards
check our website for up-to-date
information on emissions legality for
specific parts on specific vehicles and
for a list of the other carb adoption
States
K&N makes products for nearly every
vehicle on the road the K&N website
allows you to search products by vehicle
or dimension download installation
instructions view dyno charts showing
typical horsepower gains for this
product and view product details
for more information on where to buy K&N
products go to KN filters Comm